hey guys welcome back to explainer x in
today's video i'm going to recap young
and beauty romance drama movie so know
the story of this movie in today's
explanation so without any wasting time
likes vegan as soon as the movies start
we are so we've seen vera golem as well
as relaxing when isabella's brother
victor come here to tell her that her
boyfriend had come to house and looking
for her isabella says that her mom
should not know about boyfriend what her
mom already come to know about her
boyfriend and she tells isabella that if
she banned she can call her boyfriend
for dinner but isabella tell her mom
that her boyfriend is narcissist man and
she doesn't even want to introduce her
boyfriend isabella was just passing time
with her boyfriend as well as boyfriend
name is phillips once isabella is
enjoying on the beach only the felix
dear kim and invited her to party to be
the held that night ajibella secretly
goes to the party to do the backdoor
then both of our lands lives enjoy the
party together and then sit on the side
of the beach here both come close and
get intimidated with each other for the
first time and this was isabella's first
time what phillips is not get vehicle to
satisfying her then a few days later
isabella verdick comes and she also
holds a party at home but in this party
she doesn't even call flips then when
she is going through the city in the car
she also sees flips on the way but on
seeing phillips isabella doesn't react
on her and ignore her and the scene cut
here after this we also the time after a
long time and we are so as well as going
inside a hotel room where there is an
old man this old man's name is george
actually nowadays isabella work as a
prostitute and she also charged money
for intimate with people then george get
intimate with isabel and isabel used to
meet her client on a website and she
used to do all these work after her
school is over and she's intimate with
different people and all these things
are no to known other than isabel once
isabelle goes to the theater with her
mom is a well look at her client george
george as well as an old client george
in this party is with another girl
isabelle meet george at the time of
interval and at the end of movie george
mas has come to isabel and then both of
our friends start getting intimate and
then slowly slowly is a well start
feeling for george too buns both them
are getting intimate while being
intimate george get a heart attack and
darcy die seeing george dead either well
get very nervous and she goes to the
bathroom then she make a mistake and as
well get some pill in the bathroom this
pillar means to increase stamina and
george had a heart attack due to an
overdose of these pills then isabel
secretly leave when the police finds
george's body then do investigation and
he came to isabel mother here the police
tell waltruth to is a well mother his
mother didn't believe in all these
things at first but the police show him
the cctv camera footage of the hotel
which make him believe that his daughter
is in prostitution the police also
search as a wells room and find a lot of
evidence up there then the police tell
as a well mother that is only 17 year
old and for this reason she will not be
punished after all this when isabella
come home at night her mom scold her and
beat her then isabella goes to the
police station to give her a statement
and there the police interrogate her or
isabella tell the police why and how she
came to prostitution after all this she
come back home or her mother tell her
that whatever money she has earned from
prostitution work she will donate it
isabella does not like knowing this
because the money was hers and her mom
had taken the decision without asking
her once a family friend of isabella is
about to go out and that is why they
invite isabella to their house to take
care of their children then at night
when they return home when they come a
lady goes to drop isabella at her house
she does not stand isabella with her
husband because that lady know what
isabella was doing upon reaching home
isabella sees her stepdad and she start
talking to him in other words you also
start flirting with him or isabella mom
see all this then she gets angry and
goes inside with her husband then once
again ask isabella psychiatrist why he
left the work of prostitution that she
was loving with one of her client george
because he used to just cuddle with her
and the days he had a heart attack then
say that she was intimate for the first
time and after all this isabella was
very guilty feel and he left the job
then a few days later isabella goes to a
party he doesn't like this parties he
came out this is a classmate named alex
and alex already liked isabella here
alex asked isabelle if she can kiss
after some thought isabella give her
permission to kiss and then both enjoy
the party those people roamed in many
places together and then the scene gets
cut here and in the next scene we are so
the time of spring that means a lot of
time has passed and isabella is still in
relationship with alex but now he
doesn't like this relationship then she
break up with him she does this because
she was so confused about what she liked
and was just exploring herself then
isabella turned on her phone which was
used to talk her client due on she sees
that she has received many messages and
one of them is also from george's wife
in that message george's wife brighton
that she want to meet him then isabella
also agreed to meet him and then both
will meet in the same hotel when isabel
apologized to her george wife tell her
that is not her fault and that george
was already sick then she says spread
lee that she is very beautiful and
george is lucky that he fall in love
with such a beautiful girl and then both
of them go to the room where george was
dead george's wife and isabelle fall
asleep on the bed george's wife starred
cursing isabelle just like george used
to run it then isabelle fall asleep
there is a well that george's wife had
left when her eyes opened and this is
where the movie ends so i hope you
enjoyed this video so click any video of
three them and enjoy next i see you soon